do you remember the first time you
rapped on stage at a real concert yeah
forgot the lyrics out you forgot the
lyrics yeah uh my partner at the time
his name is Damon looks like finish he's
like I don't rap a new famous worst show
ever we have a video of what I believe
and I could be mistaken is your first
television performance now the other guy
you're gonna see in the video is Big
Daddy Kane okay there's a guy who hey I
am the man
that's my goodness thinking to bring it
to another mic again together whatever
endeavors the OI surveill well whatever
the weather I'm better you seem to paled
in comparison jay-z's the Babbitt thing
you can't master bigoted by master
the bad jay-z Bob so you could
say y'all superb a line
that was embarrassing was it
embarrassing yeah cuz I watch I was like
oh that wasn't about jay-z's
embarrassing that was like I was a
property because that was very
embarrassing
they haircut the shirt yeah look while
you're gonna play a round of golf I am
Jimmy Kimmel if you like that subscribe
to our YouTube channel to get all our
latest videos before they die and go to
youtube heaven
[Music]